[THUNDERING]
[LOGO MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Let's talk now about
the function of pyramids.
What are they?
What are they for?
So the purpose was
to generate power?
They were not tombs nor
an astrological place.
>> Yes, electricity and to
send power electricity all over
the Earth no matter where
you are but also to stabilize
the frequency of
the entire planet.
Make it even more positive
with an inverse manner
than the moon does now.
There are pyramids all over
the Earth placed at ley line
locations all over the world.
Most are in China.
It's all part of
the same system.
You could be anywhere
on Earth back then,
and you would have wireless
power with this system.
>> Why isn't it
working anymore then?
>> Because the cabal
doesn't want it to work.
Because there is no billing
the population for free energy.
It is a planetary scale
free energy device,
but it's served other purposes,
which I will go into a bit
later.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Pyramids are huge,
impossible to manufacture
without very high technology.
Slaves?
Egypt didn't use slaves.
Notice the eight sides of
the Great Pyramid topography
of the place.
To understand the
pyramid, you have
to understand that
it was not built only
to be seen from
below but from above.
And few people seem to know of
ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs.
Many researchers indicate
that the pyramids
pointed to Alpha Draconis but
not only to Alpha Draconis,
also to the Pleiades and Sirius.
Pyramids on other
worlds widespread
use as free power
plants with wireless
electrical transmission
positioning on ley lines
to increase and potentiate
planetary effects
and de-polarization between
the charge of the atmosphere
and the electrical
charge of the ground.
Primary grounding method by
aquifer mantle, type of energy
zero point energy by
charge differential.
>> Wait.
Other worlds?
You mean other planets?
>> Correct.
Usage is widespread in
the federation world.
In Taygeta, not
to go any further,
they are used as
power generators.
All this is zero point energy.
Here it says having the base
at 440 Egyptian qubits when
my data tells me
that it measures
365.25 Egyptian qubits.
Same measure.
That is important, yes.
For some esoteric
reason, the truth
is hidden because all
measurements are related
to the dimensions of the
Earth but they can get us
in trouble with that.
And that's what they want
because they move or alter
the calculations.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Notice how the queen's chamber
is at the geometric point
of the pyramid.
That's where the
power collector was.
It was covered in
polished white limestone.
From inside, it was
causing an internal bounce
of particles coming
from the atmosphere,
entering through the crystal,
covered with gold at the tip.
Pure white quartz
covered with gold leaf,
the particles come down from the
atmosphere looking for Earth.
They bounce off
the white limestone
that has piezoelectrical and
insulating properties that
prevent the electrical
particles, be it positrons plus
or electrons minus, because
the polarity of the charge
charged differential between
the atmosphere and the soil
varies and is inverted
from returning back
to the atmosphere.
They enter looking
for land because it
is the point of
greatest connection
between the atmospheric
charge and that of the ground.
They bounce inwardly
off the white limestone
and concentrate in
the queen's chamber
where a depolarization to
the ground takes place.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What was covered in white,
the whole pyramid as in this
photo or collector
of the energy inside?
>> The whole pyramid.
The energy is concentrated in
the queen's chamber and gets
depolarized with the
underground chamber
that makes land and connects
with the aquifers there.
Creating a concentrated
differential
of charges between
sky and Earth.
This is the same as having
a continuous and voltage
regulated lightning bolt.
The king's chamber
served as a control room
and for other uses of the
pyramid such as being a portal.
Above the king's room was a
series of high-tech capacitors
that regulated energy
depolarization.
And for efficiency, it was
set slightly to one side
so it would not interfere with
the concentration of energy
in the queen's chamber.
Even today, in the
underground chamber,
there are traces of cables and
metal structures for grounding.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It is dry now, but water
was flowing, creating
a potentialized
Earth effect, which
has been the ground connection
collector or the part opposite
to the one above, the pyramid
and its limestone that
compressed and concentrated
the atmospheric charge.
This part potentiated
the charge of the Earth,
creating an enormous
differential
of charges between the
atmosphere and the Earth.
Clouds and ground
most of the time,
not always, have
opposite charges,
especially in dry
places but not only.
Lightning is a disarray
and uncontrolled discharge
of differential energy.
But if you have a
differential charge,
although not
dramatically different as
to create this
charge, lightning,
you can channel it in an
orderly and continuous way
towards the ground.
Then you have a place of
continuous charge flow,
and you have your free energy.
That is why they are on ley
lines and underground water
because you are
giving them a greater
connection to the ground,
greater connection
capacity, and control
of charge flow
between the atmosphere
and the ground.
This is pure Tesla.
He knew this.
You do not need
nuclear hydroelectric
or thermal electric reactors
to generate electricity.
You only need one
or another pyramid.
It is clean.
It generates more energy
than 50 nuclear power plants.
It needs little maintenance.
It does not generate anything.
It only concentrates
the charge differential
between sky and Earth.
It is the planet itself
that creates the energy.
Between sky and Earth, there
is a change in polarity
depending on atmospheric
circumstances.
It does not imply any problems
because the pyramid only
reverses electronically
the charges
with its internal devices
which are no longer there.
The energy comes from a
continuous and controlled ray
and with regulated and
therefore useful voltage.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Understanding pre-classical
ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs,
a square means space, cosmos.
A square with an X in the middle
means a place in the cosmos.
A circle with an X means
an exact precise place.
It means that it represents
an exact place in the cosmos,
not on Earth as seen from
above as from a ship.
Their base is or measures 365.25
Egyptian qubits on each side.
440 is misinformation.
I fully trust my data.
Represents one Earth
year for each side.
The king's chamber measures
365.25 Egyptian inches
on each side as well.
You can see what's left of
the collector's container.
To the left of here,
you can see a black box
that is one of the
narrow corridors, one
of many in the pyramid.
That goes about 4 meters from
there and then goes up like 60
to where there is a small
door of 14 centimeters by 14
centimeters.
I can't get into mathematics
that is all over the pyramid
because apparently it differs
from official terrestrial data.
And although that may have
a simple and surmountable
explanation for us,
I don't have it now,
so this would require more time.
The door in the picture is
exactly 364 Egyptian inches
tall.
This piece is exactly
364 Egyptian inches tall.
That corresponds to the 364
degrees of celestial movement
of a star, that is, the central
base of the construction
of the pyramid.
The star is Enlil.
The three stars of Orion that
conspiracy Egyptologists take
as something reptile is
wrong because in the past,
Osiris was related to Orion.
It has nothing to do with
reptiles or with Greys
or with Orion as in those
who come from there.
Once, again it
points to Taygeta.
Like the Apis Bull, this idea
of the Taurus constellation
is non-terrestrial.
Taurus itself as a
constellation is dominated
by the races of the
Pleiades found in the center
of this constellation.
In one of the
horns is Aldebaran.
It contains the only Taygetan
colony outside of M45.
Aldebaran shares energy from
the ether side with this sun 13
and with Alcyone.
But it also shares
with the star Enlil.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's move on now to
the underground chamber
marked with the number 3.
Below there is another
larger chamber.
At the bottom of
this chamber, there
is a pool of water
with aquifers mantles
that connect with the Nile.
It is still there,
and Egyptologists,
although many already know
it, do not tell the people.
I had to draw this myself, the
blue lines and the red box.
There is another chamber there.
It contains at this time
several misnamed sarcophagi
with writing documents about
the very pyramid written
in moldovite stone.
They hide this very well.
They are not sarcophagi.
They are containers.
In this chamber, there
is a rectangular corridor
with four pillars in the
corners and in the center
a flooded chamber with
a sarcophagus filled
with moldovite carved
like the Thoth tablets.
In this area in
red marked by me,
there are two dumps,
one above the other.
The first one is 30 meters deep.
The second, 60.
It contains innumerable rooms,
corridors, hidden technology,
systems like any other
contemporary federation base.
The entrance is
under the Sphinx,
and the control is
under the right ear.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Are the pyramids
still operational?
What is missing to make
them work properly?
>> No, they are off.
They do not have the
electrical equipment inside
to channel the energy.
They do not have the quartz
tip covered with gold
and they do not
have their coating
that gave them the ability
to concentrate the energy.
It was an insulation.
Just as they are now, they
dissipate their energy
into the atmosphere again.
They do not concentrate it
in one point, king's chamber.
They're charged
of the atmosphere.
This charges towards the
center of the pyramid,
reaching Earth with the
flow of underground water
that connects to the Nile
using the Earth and discharges
room, queen's chamber.
Without its smooth
cover, its charge
dissipates into the atmosphere.
They have not removed it in
order to use it elsewhere.
They have removed it
to stop its operation.
That's why they don't
have their covers.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> And all the pyramids in Egypt
have this function or others
in the world the same?
There are many in Mexico.
Same function?
>> They all have the
same primary function,
but they are not all
generators of free energy.
Only some, not all.
Like the one of the sun,
that is a generator.
In some in Mexico, mercury has
been found in large quantities.
This proves that they were used
as generators and as portals.
>> But they were also built
by you or other races?
I imagine others.
>> By others because it was a
federation, all conglomerate.
Those from Crimea
and Alaska are also
from Taygeta or council
of nine, Alcyone council.
>> And why do they have that
disposition as if it were
Orion?
I think you said
it once, Swaruu.
And is there any reason for
them to be three pyramids
with different sizes?
>> It's a message as
a distraction even.
It's kind of iconic.
Orion is the most easily
recognizable constellation
from Earth, but the
pyramids internally
were focused on Alcyone,
Sirius, Alpha Draconis.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Returning to the
function of the pyramids,
pyramids surpass
human understanding.
Their function of free
energy generators and others
is not the primary
function of the pyramids.
That is the secondary
function incidentally.
Primary one, they
won't understand.
It is a stargate, but it is not
a portal although it can be.
That is something else.
It is a mechanism that
allows you to travel,
like I told you, like your
warp ship engine in reverse.
It is a place that
potentially makes
the psychic, mental, and
natural astral travel
energy of each person, the
energy flow pure positronic
energy of exact
frequency compatible
as constructive interference
with the human aura
and psychic energy, in contrast
to Wi-Fi and invasive microwave
electromagnetism,
which is frequency
destructive to human aura
and human psychic energy.
You go in there when it is
working and even as it is now,
and you leave your body.
You travel wherever.
There are channels
or small tunnels
to focus on traveling to
Sirius among other places,
leaving the material body
and being free in the astral
through the universe.
It was used as amplifiers
of consciousness
where someone entered
leaving their body there
in the king's chamber.
And with that they
traveled, astral
projecting wherever
they wanted to go
outside of time and space.
They could return
to their pyramid
a couple of hours later.
But for them, it could have been
days, weeks, or months or years
of travel experience.
This is not a secondary
use for the pyramid.
It is considered one
of the main uses.
Even today, this works but
not with the same force
or efficiency as in its day.
One of the most
important accounts
is when Napoleon himself
entered the Great Pyramid
and spent the night there.
It is well known that
when he came out,
he was no longer the same man.
He had a very strong mystical
revelation that night.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]